Copyright © 2008-2009 Stephen Paul Weber, Christopher Vollick.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

----

Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

By accessing and using our services you agree to these terms and
conditions. Please read them carefully and if you do not agree, then please
do not access, utilize or view our services. The Veeb and its affiliates
("The Veeb" or "we") provides its content on our services (the "site")
subject to the following terms and conditions (the "terms"). We may
occasionally change the terms, so please check for the latest updates.

The Veeb is committed to protecting the privacy of the
personally-identifiable information that we collect from you. As part of
this commitment , we have created policies and procedures to comply with
Bill C-6, the federal government's Privacy Legislation and the scope is
detailed in these policies.

Disclaimers

The content and functionality on the site is provided with the
understanding that The Veeb is not herein engaged in rendering professional
advice and services to you. All content and functionality on the site is
provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose. The Veeb and its third-party content
providers make no warranties, express or implied, as to the ownership,
accuracy, or adequacy of the site content. The Veeb shall have no liability
or responsibility for any information published on linked web sites,
contained in any content published on the site, or provided by third
parties. Neither The Veeb nor its third-party content providers shall be
liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages or
for lost revenues or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of
such damages or losses and regardless of liability.

Links and Third-party content

We may provide links to third-party services, and some of the content
appearing to be on this site is in fact supplied by third parties, for
example, in instances of framing of third-party services or incorporation
through framesets of content supplied by third-party servers. We have not
reviewed all of the sites linked to our services and The Veeb has no
responsibility for these third-party services, which are governed by the
terms of use and privacy policies, if any, of the applicable third-party
content providers. Use at your own risk.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

We control and operate our services from our head office in Ontario,
Canada. These terms are governed by the law of the Province of Ontario
without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Any
dispute arising from these terms shall be resolved exclusively in the
Provincial and Federal courts of the Province of Ontario, Canada.  However,
you may not use any services provided by The Veeb in any way that
circumvents the laws of not only Ontario, but also of the United States of
America, and of your own local jurisdiction.

Copyright Policy

All content, images, algorithms, and functionality on the site not
submitted by users, including text, graphics, logos, icons, and images and
the selection and arrangement thereof, is the exclusive property of The
Veeb or its licensors and is protected by Canadian and international
copyright laws. It is hereby licensed under the terms of the Creative
Commons Attribution License.

All user generated content including, but not limited to, ratings,
comments, and "apps" are the exclusive property of the users and as such do
not represent the views or opinions of The Veeb. All user generated
content, with the exception of "apps" are under the above mentioned
Creative Commons license. As a user of The Veeb Ecosystem, you agree to
have your content licensed is this way.

Notices of Infringement

The Veeb prohibits the posting of any content that infringes or violates
the copyright rights and/or other intellectual property rights (including
rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or entity. If you believe
that your intellectual property right (or such a right that you are
responsible for enforcing) is infringed by any content on the Site, please
write to The Veeb at the address shown below, providing a statement that
contains:

* identification of the copyrighted work and/or intellectual property
right claimed to have been infringed
* identification of the allegedly infringing material on the site that is
requested to be removed
* your name, address, and daytime telephone number, and an e-mail address
if available
* a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the
copyrighted work and/or exercise of the intellectual property right is not
authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law
* a statement that the information in the notification is accurate
* the signature of the intellectual property right owner or someone
authorized on the owner's behalf to assert infringement of the right.

The Veeb will remove any posted content that infringes the copyright or
other intellectual property right of any person under Canadian law. The
Veeb's contact for submission of notices is: contact@theveeb.com.

Trademarks

The Veeb, The Veeb Ecosystem, The Veeb Ecosystem logo, and the "favicon"
of this website, are all trademarks of The Veeb.  Use in reference to The
Veeb is permitted without permission.  All other uses are prohibited.

Personally-identifiable Information

The Veeb may collect personally-identifiable information ("Personal Info")
on certain areas of the site when users register, request information or a
response, sign up for events, apply for jobs, and participate in user
posting areas, such as bulletin boards, discussion forums, and surveys. The
information collected may include, without limitation, your access
ID/password, company, association, or school affiliations, and contact
information (names, mailing and e-mail addresses, phone/ fax numbers). This
information may be displayed on our site along with user-generated content,
or used for contact purposes on request of the user.

Security Disclaimer

The Veeb has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and
operational security in order to protect Personal Info from loss, misuse,
alteration, or destruction. Only authorized The Veeb personnel are provided
access to Personal Info, and these employees are required to treat this
information as confidential. Despite these precautions, The Veeb cannot
guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your Personal
Info.

Transborder Hosting and Information Transfer

Personal Info collected on the Site may be transferred from time to time
to The Veeb locations and hosting facilities located throughout the world.
The Site may be viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including
countries (such as the United States) that may not have laws regulating the
use and transfer of personally-identifiable data. By using the Site and
submitting such information on it, you voluntarily consent to such
transborder transfer and hosting of such information.

Fraud

You may not use services provided by The Veeb to defraud any person or
persons for any purpose.  This includes submitting multiple ratings to The
Veeb Ecosystem for any "app", through the registration of multiple accounts
or any other means.
